Hello and welcome to this one from Science Support
today it is about speech recognition the indexed 7 Windows Vista or in
Windows 7
I would like to show today how this speech recognition
Mr Markos own further define Mr
and that was clearly a fact
Work very or almost to play
Season x does not even have speech recognition
System control
Having seen simple commands like the offense, that's trouble for him
wonderful
Of course there is still something missing for the right language code
show me the latest technology -
That's why there is here
entered in the train field
and that does not work really well
not so far
the steel me that
Microsoft has one
program
which one issued
Markus allows statesman
Ruben the Speed ​​Sailing Record mix Marco Reus
the States now and are ready to use
and I can actually do many about them
The couple will be used for a short time
show me the latest technology -
want presented
that's extremely practical we just have it or something else
other
deep v
It should be a little bit
TV Olpe instead of the Windows Media Center red numbers
Calculator of the canton was exuberant
PC Games in the background include
which is really cool
so you can the calculator really good
that makes everything possible
Microsoft Windows over
Marko is for blind speech recognition
and make Pang easy
in the system tray when I presented the program afterwards
Minute to find her of course with her description
clever because this link
if it comes at least determined
Marco Russ
I can now own my own under this link
Create Markus or
steep vegan lives Neutz ID Schmatko of course I can mean ECB Schmatko
Edit or search command
only about 30 million things but actually Niklas Pietsch Marko is for
interesting to us
in Vienna is Esther and in Windows 7 we have this field
and there we can answer what would like to imagine media for once
now stays in Schoenefeld
are priced in a box and I can just be a code command like this
Example address
with invested our address
the most interesting for us is probably to require
we can do that with programs
So, for example, make cute animals
what a life I have the curiosity
Firefox
and over Braus can not tackle
Hartmann's program also set decent for example here
and the up
Vogt counter
and worn or Firefox and HP Firefox complex
that turns me off
and if I click on next
and then on Red
with my Marc Ruef percent
Let's move on and if I can do this Markus Rapp
would work the speech recognition
show me the latest technology -
password manager Mader
but I have not created much macho yet
I can make it even cooler
for people who know ITML
for all options are actually open
with the XML saver can not bring it control - talk to me
can do - how much change with XML is everything possible but you have to
know that Leon
with them I can even become class heads
or keystroke ceremonies
and
around
other municipalities go out and big on the market
on the rail
So for me this is one of the most important components with the
voice recognition
Because that has often targeted namely the own speech recognition own commands
and that makes the Gmünder speech recognition really productive
use
who has done a lot of drinking and speech recognition also set
Has
love this program
I think it's great and it's really there for everyone
really grateful to use the track and the commands
give without it is called
that is the problem that it did not understand
what is he really like?
Masthead
elaborate for fun and books will find chorus x and Windows 7 really good
Background To learn the facts there are our videos but they are
Of course not everything like the movie never brought that Windows 7 training
for the versions
bring to this